Feel free to add / rename / comment on anything
Would like to avoid mana generating items unless it fits well with botania and its prone to abuse

Functional trees - need mana to grow, but functionality is permanent and free (will drop saplings?)
    Holy Oak - Causes Damage to undead mobs that stand below it (take that skeletons) - wilts if leaves are broken
        Wire's comments: nah, functionality like this requires mana in botania, that's just how it do
    Lux Wood - Glows (tree and planks made from it)
    Nether Oak - Fire resistant (sustaining?) - leaves have a good burn time (1/2 charcoal)
        Wire's comments: Leaves are too easy to get for the leaves to be that good. Or good at all.
    ??? - Blast resistant wood
    ??? - Anti (Mana Seal?) Creeper - potentially prevent mana pool drain if I implement it
    Ward Wood - prevents mobs from crossing (e.g. warding stones thaumcraft) may have sustaining cost
        Wire's comments: Naaaaaah, warded blocks aren't a fun time code-wise and sometimes bug out
    Donar Oak - acts as a lightning rod, used for thundercaller rod
        Wire's comments: But... you can't make a block be a lightning rod, can you?

Extension methods or helpers for commonly used snippets of code

Expandable Tree-gen

Crafting mechanic for trees
    probably fairly expensive since trees can drop saplings
    multi-block
    incarcerates botania flowers / vanilla blocks
    api

More Mobs - need models
    Mana Seal Creeper (Replace with Mana Wraith)?
        tracks down pools
        drains player mana / gives debuff
        drops debuff crafting item / mana crystals (if it absorbs enough mana)
        aggros automatically to players with mana reserves
    Friendlier Potatoes - +10 to adorbs
    Boss Mob ?
        potentially mid tier to unlock priestly tier stuff
        Wire's comments: priest stuff is meant to only be gated behind the Guardian.

Gated Lexica Pages
    Have tiered lexica entries to avoid duplicating sections (Good example would be unlocking info about thor ring
        upgrades to the rod of the thundercaller without needing to add a new entry)
    May do a pull request for this

Splash Potions
    Add a method of creating splash potions for some effects likely using mana glass panes to make bottles
    each tier would be an item with x uses so you only had to do one infusion for x uses cost would be tiered as well
        mana - 3
        alf - 6
    Poison
    Wither
    Mana Seal
    Divinity - Damages undead

Botanists Bane - "Imagine Breaker"
    Wire's comments: Don't do this, man. Touma's arm doesn't like being cut off.
        Also, malicious magic v. other players isn't a botanist's thing. It's to everyone or noone.

    An unholy relic of an ancient time, merely having this weapon on your person is enough to completely drain any
    personal reserves of mana, damaging mana based armor and cursing you with a powerful mana seal (10:00 sustained/no milk???),
    however this is not its true purpose.  Striking a botanist with this weapon will do large amounts of damage increasing relative to there personal store of
    power(full pool = 10 hearts), as well as cursing them with a long lasting mana seal(1:00).




